Aerospace Engineering
Aerospace Engineering with M.Tech. in Applied Mechanics with specialization in Biomedical Engineering
Agricultural and Food Engineering
Agricultural and Food Engineering with M.Tech. in any of the listed specializations
Applied Geology
Applied Geophysics
Applied Mathematics
Architecture
Biochemical Engineering
Biochemical Engineering and Biotechnology
Bioengineering with M.Tech in Biomedical Technology
Biological Engineering
Biological Sciences
Biological Sciences and Bioengineering
Biotechnology
Biotechnology and Biochemical Engineering
Ceramic Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Chemical Engineering with M.Tech. in Hydrocarbon Engineering
Chemical Science and Technology
Chemistry
Civil Engineering
Civil Engineering (Infrastructural Civil Engineering)
Civil Engineering with any of the listed specialization
Civil Engineering with M.Tech. in Applied Mechanics in any of the listed specializations
Civil Engineering with M.Tech. in Structural Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Design
Economics
Electrical Engineering
Electrical Engineering (Power)
Electrical Engineering with M.Tech in Applied Mechanics with specialization in Biomedical Engineering
Electrical Engineering with M.Tech. in any of the listed specializations
Electrical Engineering with M.Tech. in Communications and Signal Processing
Electrical Engineering with M.Tech. in Information and Communication Technology
Electrical Engineering with M.Tech. in Microelectronics
Electrical Engineering with M.Tech. in Power Electronics
Electronics and Communication Engineering
Electronics and Communication Engineering with M.Tech. in Wireless Communication
Electronics and Electrical Communication Engineering
Electronics and Electrical Communication Engineering with M.Tech. in any of the listed specializations
Electronics and Electrical Engineering
Electronics Engineering
Energy Engineering with M.Tech. in Energy Systems Engineering
Engineering Design (Automotive Engineering)
Engineering Design (Biomedical Design)
Engineering Physics
Engineering Physics with M.Tech. in Engineering Physics with specialization in Nano Science
Engineering Science
Environmental Engineering
Exploration Geophysics
Geological Technology
Geophysical Technology
Industrial Chemistry
Industrial Engineering
Industrial Engineering with M.Tech. in Industrial Engineering and Management
Instrumentation Engineering
Manufacturing Science and Engineering
Manufacturing Science and Engineering with M.Tech. in Industrial Engineering and Management
Material Science and Technology
Materials Science and Engineering
Mathematics and Computing
Mathematics and Scientific Computing
Mechanical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering (Intelligent Manufacturing)
Mechanical Engineering (Product design)
Mechanical Engineering (Thermal Engineering)
Mechanical Engineering with M.Tech. in any of the listed specializations
Mechanical Engineering with M.Tech. in Computer Aided Design and Automation
Mechanical Engineering with M.Tech. in Computer Integrated Manufacturing
Metallurgical and Materials Engineering
Metallurgical and Materials Engineering with M.Tech. in Materials Engineering
Metallurgical and Materials Engineering with M.Tech. in Metallurgical and Materials Engineering
Metallurgical Engineering
Metallurgical Engineering and Materials Science
Metallurgical Engineering and Materials Science with M.Tech. in Ceramics and Composites
Metallurgical Engineering and Materials Science with M.Tech. in Metallurgical Process Engineering
Mineral Engineering
Mineral Engineering with M.Tech in Mineral Engineering
Mineral Engineering with MBA
Mining Engineering
Mining Engineering with M.Tech. in Mining Engineering
Mining Engineering with MBA
Mining Machinery Engineering
Mining Safety Engineering
Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering
Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering with M.Tech in Applied Mechanics in any of the listed specializations
Ocean Engineering and Naval Architecture
Petroleum Engineering
Petroleum Engineering with M.Tech in Petroleum Management
Pharmaceutics
Physics
Polymer Science and Technology
Process Engineering with MBA
Production and Industrial Engineering
Pulp and Paper Engineering
Quality Engineering Design and Manufacturing
Systems Science
Textile Technology
